Based on the above, please provide a grading for the notebook.

You will respond with a series of XML blocks of the form

<grade>
<question_id>ID</question_id>
<thinking>Your rationale for the grade</thinking>
<grade>numeric grade</grade>
</grade>

where ID is the ID of the question (e.g., describe-dandiset, load-dandiset, ...), and numeric_grade is your numeric integer grade according to the rubric below. Note that the grades can be negative integers as shown below in the rubric.

Do not include any other text in your response. Just the XML blocks.

Note: Warnings in the output cells should not be considered to be issues unless they relate to other problems with the notebook.

question_id: understand-dandiset
How well did the notebook help you understand the purpose and content of the Dandiset?
2: Very well
1: Somewhat
0: Not at all

question_id: access-data
After reviewing the notebook, do you feel confident in how to access the different types of data from this Dandiset?
2: Yes, I know how to access and explore the different types of data
1: Somewhat, but I would need more guidance for certain data types
0: No, I’m still unsure how to access the data

question_id: work-with-nwb
Did the notebook help you understand the structure of the NWB file(s) and how to work with them?
2: Yes, I understand the basics and could explore further on my own
1: Somewhat, I still have questions
0: No, I feel lost or confused

question_id: visualization-helpful
Did the visualizations in the notebook generally help you understand key aspects of the data?
2: Yes, they made important points clear
1: Somewhat
0: No, the visualizations were generally confusing or unhelpful

question_id: visualization-issues
Did any of the visualizations make it harder to understand the data (e.g., due to poor formatting, unclear axes, or misleading displays)?
0: No, the visualizations were clear and helpful
-1: One or more visualizations were unclear or hard to interpret
-2: Yes, one or more visualizations were misleading, confusing, or had substantial issues

question_id: visualization-confidence
Do you feel more confident creating your own visualizations of the data after seeing the examples in the notebook?
2: Yes, I feel equipped to start exploring on my own
1: Somewhat, but I’d still need guidance
0: No, the notebook didn’t provide helpful examples

question_id: visualization-structure
How well did the visualizations show the structure or complexity of the data?
2: Very well – they revealed important patterns or relationships
1: Somewhat – they hinted at structure, but lacked depth
0: Poorly – they didn’t help me understand the data structure

question_id: unsupported-interpretations
Were there any interpretations or conclusions in the notebook that felt unclear or not well supported by the data shown?
0: No, everything felt reasonable and well-supported
-1: A few things seemed speculative or unclear
-2: Yes, there were several conclusions that didn’t seem supported

question_id: redundant-examples
Did any of the plots or examples feel unnecessarily repetitive or redundant?
0: No, each plot/example helped add something new
-1: A few examples felt a bit repetitive
-2: Yes, too many examples seemed to show the same thing

question_id: notebook-clarity
How clear and easy was the notebook to follow?
2: Very clear – easy to read and follow along
1: Somewhat clear – a few confusing parts
0: Not clear – I struggled to follow it

question_id: code-reusability
Did the notebook provide code you could easily reuse or adapt to explore the Dandiset yourself?
2: Yes, the code is reusable and easy to adapt
1: Somewhat, but I’d need to tweak things
0: No, the code is hard to reuse or understand

question_id: exploration-guidance
Did the notebook help you understand what kinds of questions or analyses you could do next with this Dandiset?
2: Yes, it gave clear ideas for further exploration
1: Somewhat, I got a few ideas
0: No, it didn’t help me think about what to do next

question_id: overall-helpfulness
Overall, how helpful was this notebook for getting started with this Dandiset?
2: Very helpful
1: Moderately helpful
0: Not helpful